{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red227\green225\blue220;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c91165\c90377\c88973\c90196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh13120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 What the role is\
\
At #TeamCPF, you\'92re not just joining a team; you are embracing a culture of excellence, collaboration, and meaningful impact. You will play a pivotal role in empowering over 4 million members to secure their retirement, healthcare, housing needs and better navigate life\'92s uncertainties.\
\
We thrive on sharp minds and insightful decisions. Your ability to analyse and think critically isn't just valued; it's essential. Every choice you make contributes to our collective success.\
\
Collaboration is our way of life. We believe in the power of effective partnerships and seamless communications across teams. Together, we amplify each other\'92s strengths and achieve remarkable results.\
\
Our learning never stops. We encourage your inquisitiveness and courage to embrace new challenges head-on. Your agility, readiness to challenge conventions, embrace of data-driven strategies, dedication to learning and applying new skills fuels our innovation and progress.\
\
At the core of everything we do lies a genuine desire to make a difference. We serve our community and support each other with compassion, empathy, and unwavering dedications. Every action we take is guided by a deep sense of purpose and a commitment to those we serve.\
\
Join us at #TeamCPF! Together, let's redefine possibilities and leave a legacy that echoes for generations.\
\
What you will be working on\
\
Under the Business Incubator & Accelerator Office (BIA), the Frontier Products Team is a modern team focused on developing software products that aim to make CPF Board and Government as a whole work better. We work entirely on the cloud using cloud-native technologies. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will have the opportunity to work closely with this dynamic and innovative team and contribute to our efforts to enhance CPF Board's technological capabilities and digital transformation.\
\
In this role, you will:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Contribute your tech skills to one of our many products and initiatives that aim to make CPF Board and whole of government work better.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Explore the relatively new field of GenAI and how it can be applied, both in our products and to improve the way we work.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Work in a cross disciplinary team with UI/UX designers and Product Managers.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Gain hands-on experience with AWS or Azure.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What are we looking for We value the diverse skills and perspectives that each intern brings. While you may not need to meet every requirement fully, having some familiarity or budding expertise in the following areas will help you make the most of this opportunity and succeed with our team.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Currently pursuing a Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Has some experience or keen interest in cloud solutions and GenAI, with basic development knowledge in Java, Python, or large language models.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Interested in developing problem-solving skills and a logical approach to troubleshooting technical issues.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Communicates clearly, both in speaking and writing. Able to explain technical ideas in a simple way.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Works well independently and with others, takes initiative without needing constant supervision.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Position is on a full-time internship basis from January 2026 to May 2026. What you can expect Being part of #TeamCPF means embarking on a challenging and rewarding career in a progressive workplace that values productivity and growth. Here\'92s what awaits you:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Opportunities to engage in a mix of formal and informal training, keeping your skills sharp in our ever-evolving technological landscape.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Promotion opportunities based on your capability and on-the-job performance.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A vibrant community of like-minded and friendly colleagues, where collaboration and creativity thrive.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A hybrid work model that offers flexibility for remote work, subject to exigencies of service.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Flexible dress code that empowers you to choose your appropriate outfit for the day.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A comprehensive rewards package that includes annual leave, pro-family leave, medical and dental benefits, and access to recreational activities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}